Add blackcap atlas page (#244)
brainglobe/brainglobe.github.io: docs/source/projects/blackcap/index.md

2. Crop images to generate individual hemisphere images without damage (we used 18 hemispheres from 10 birds)
3. Iteratively generate a high signal-to-noise average template image from all the individual images using 
[ANTs](http://stnava.github.io/ANTs/) via an [optimised script](https://github.com/CoBrALab/optimized_antsMultivariateTemplateConstruction) 
from the [CoBra lab](https://www.cobralab.ca/)
4. Manually annotate brain regions using [ITK-SNAP](http://www.itksnap.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php)
5. Package the template and annotations image [into the BrainGlobe format](https://brainglobe.info/documentation/brainglobe-atlasapi/adding-a-new-atlas.html)

:::{note}
The template generation process is simplified by 
[brainglobe-template-builder](https://github.com/brainglobe/brainglobe-template-builder). This tool will be further 
improved to allow others to create their own atlases.
:::

![Atlas generation process](./images/atlas-generation.png)
**Atlas generation process**

## Results
We have initially generated a template reference image at 25 micron isotropic resolution and annotated 19 brain regions. 

> This atlas is available within BrainGlobe as `oldenburg_blackcap_25um` and is compatible with all BrainGlobe tools.

Reviewer: Maybe link here to the atlas visualisation tutorial, for people that want to quickly fetch and explore the atlas in napari.

Author: Good idea, done.

5. Package the template and annotations image [into the BrainGlobe format](https://brainglobe.info/documentation/brainglobe-atlasapi/adding-a-new-atlas.html)

:::{note}
The template generation process is simplified by 
[brainglobe-template-builder](https://github.com/brainglobe/brainglobe-template-builder). This tool will be further 
improved to allow others to create their own atlases.
:::

![Atlas generation process](./images/atlas-generation.jpg)
**Atlas generation process**

## Results
We have initially generated a template reference image at 25 micron isotropic resolution and annotated 23 brain regions. 
This atlas is available within BrainGlobe as `eurasian_blackcap_25um` and is compatible with all BrainGlobe tools.

To view BrainGlobe atlases in [napari](https://napari.org), please follow the 
[atlas visualisation tutorial](/tutorials/visualise-atlas-napari). 

![Blackcap atlas viewed coronally](./images/animation.gif)
**Blackcap atlas viewed coronally**

## Get involved
The blackcap atlas is version 1, and we anticipate releasing further versions at higher resolutions and with more 

> regions annotated. If this atlas is useful for your work and would like to contribute, please [get in touch](/contact).

Reviewer: Current wording makes it look like the atlas would like to contribute.

```suggestion
regions annotated. If you find this atlas useful for your work and would like to contribute, please [get in touch](/contact).
````
